feat(audits): Add new UI (#10217)
withastro/astro: .changeset/witty-wombats-attend.md

---
"astro": minor
---

> Update UI for dev toolbar audits with new information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates the UI for dev toolbar audits with new information
```
